I meant that the English texts (the variables in brackets) of the leftmost column of the table should not be dark gray (inconsistant with other texts) in light mode in web build and they should not light gray (too blurry to read) in dark mode in web build. Other English texts and the variables of the items in other sections and even the English texts in Settings are also dark gray in light mode and light gray in dark mode in web build. This is undesirable.

The numbers of the highlighted columns (red and blue only) of the table are bold in both light mode and dark mode in web build which they are not supposed to be.

All English texts should be in the same colour as Chinese texts and should have font sizes of similar height.

Please set the numbers of the highlighted columns to beige (#F5F5DC) in dark mode while keeping them white in light mode for both web build and mobile build.

The whole shield of the icon for Legal menu in mobile build is now black in light mode and white in dark mode. I think that this is good.

The English words "max", "min", "otherwise", "BinomInv", "prob" in "P_{prob}" in the fetched content of Functions look bumpy (some letters are placed vertically higher, others are lower) in mobile build. This does not happen in web build.

"(n)", "(p)", "(d)" in Tournament Parameters, and "(r)" in Reverse Round Lookup in mobile build and "(n)", "(p)", "(d)" in Tournament Parameters, "(Rmin - Rmax)", "(ERmin - ERmax)", "(LmaxRmin - LmaxRmax)" in Specific Results, and "(r)", "(Nmin - Nmax)", "(LmaxNmin - Lmax - LmaxNmax)" in Reverse Round Lookup in web build should not be on the right of the English texts but below them.

All titles, except the "Swiss Round Calculator", of all sections and need not to be bold for both web build and mobile build.

Set the Reset Parameters button (web build and mobile build) and the Manage Subscription button (mobile build) in Settings also blue so that all buttons are aligned.

All menu titles should be horizontally aligned at the center of its container width , not the width of container minus the close button.

In the bottom navigation, it is nice to see that the icon and the text label of the selected menu become blue in mobile build. However, I do not see that they become blue in web build.

Review web build and mobile build to check for consistency between them.

Review all my previous commands and your logs to find any proper things you have done in earlier versions but removed in later versions and judge what should be done.
