Your injection of normalisation to all popup notification does not help the bumpy words of MathJax-specific cause but adds a layer of shade and zigzag to the English words I mentioned and all other words including Chinese except the mathematical notations generated by MathJax, and to all words in other pages, and even to the grid line in the content of Wong system, when zoomed. I did not specify any font to the functions.html on GitHub so it definitely is not a problem originated from there. Remove it, same to the Peak Font Plus Font injection if it does not help, though it looks fine now. I have updated functions.html, by the way, mainly for the strutual change about the language phrasing and mathematical notation.

All the texts within buttons are bold in web build but not bold in mobile build. But you said it was font weight, not bold. If so, please set a value between the two.

The 'Swiss Round Calculator' title is found bold only in web build but not bold in mobile build.

For English to look similar to Chinese, I meant in terms of font height, not font weight!

The colour gradients applied to the highlighted columns of the table in web build is not spanned across individual column but individual cell, which is undesirable. However, in mobile build, the 4 corners of the purple column does not look as great as the 4 corners of the purple column in web build.

Add a function to the up and down arrow buttons in the input fields that makes the input values increase at a progressive rate of speed on long press.

The colour gradient change is now, 3-point gradient, for example, in light mode, for the blue column, top left corner blue to midpoint light blue to bottom right corner blue, the line which is formed by light blue visually is always perpendicular to the line drawn from the top left corner to the bottom right corner. Is it possible to make gradients change at different rate in different area so that the light blue line lies on the diagonal line from the top right corner to the bottom left corner?
